Create ui-c8y-1021-61-0-backport-missing-parts-of-tenant-details-migration-to-release-cd-8546.md (#3213)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-61-0-backport-missing-parts-of-tenant-details-migration-to-release-cd-8546.md

---
date: ""

> title: Backport missing parts of tenant details migration to `release/cd` (#8546)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Completed migration of tenant Properties, Custom properties, and Limits tabs to newer version of Angular
```

> title: Completed migration of tenant Properties, Custom properties, and Limits tabs to newer version of Angular

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Completed migration of Properties, Custom properties, and Limits tabs to newer version of Angular
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62997
version: 1021.61.0
---

> Backport missing parts of tenant details migration to `release/cd` (#8546)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration of tenant Properties, Custom properties, and Limits tabs to newer version of Angular has been completed. They still work in the same way from the user perspective, with two exceptions:
- "External reference" input and "Enable Gainsight product experience tracking" checkbox have been moved into "Properties" tab of a tenant
- device storage limitation feature has been moved into "Limits" tab of a tenant
```

---
date: ""
title: Completed migration of Properties, Custom properties, and Limits tabs to newer version of Angular
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62997
version: 1021.61.0
---

> The migration of tenant Properties, Custom properties, and Limits tabs to newer version of Angular has been completed. They still work in the same way from the user perspective, with two exceptions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The migration of the **Properties**, **Custom properties**, and **Limits** tabs in the tenant details to a newer version of Angular has been completed. They still work in the same way from the user perspective, with two exceptions:
```

> The migration of the **Properties**, **Custom properties**, and **Limits** tabs in the tenant details to a newer version of Angular has been completed. They still work in the same way from the user perspective, with two exceptions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Properties**, **Custom properties**, and **Limits** tabs in the tenant details have completely been migrated to a newer version of Angular. They still work in the same way from the user perspective, with two exceptions:
```

> - "External reference" input and "Enable Gainsight product experience tracking" checkbox have been moved into "Properties" tab of a tenant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The **External reference** field and the **Enable Gainsight product experience tracking** checkbox have been moved into the **Properties** tab.
```

> - device storage limitation feature has been moved into "Limits" tab of a tenant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The device storage limitation has been moved into the **Limits** tab.
```
